[charts][WIP] Radar design refinement (#17165)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/radar/radar.md

- `startAngle` The rotation angle of the entire chart in degrees.
- `divisions` The number of divisions of the grid.
- `shape` The grid shape that can be `circular` or `sharp`.

> - `getStripeColor` The call back that defines stripe colors. Set it to `null` to remove stripes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getStripeColor` The callback that defines stripe colors. Set it to `null` to remove stripes.
```

> - `getStripeColor` The call back that defines stripe colors. Set it to `null` to remove stripes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `getStripeColor` The callback that defines stripe colors. Set it to `null` to remove stripes.
```

> - `getStripeColor` The call back that defines stripe colors. Set it to `null` to remove stripes.

Reviewer 2: `getStripeColor` is probably not a very good prop name. It works internally, but feels odd as a prop. 

Can't we use just `stripeColor`?
